Neku? Everything all right?
[NEKU]
I'm sure of it.
I was shot dead and
he pulled the trigger.
What's wrong? Are you
not feeling well?
You jerk! How can you
look at me like that?
Ah, your memory click?
Something else you
should remember
is you need your partner
to win the game.
Do you not care about
that Shiki girl?
Could've fooled me.
[growls]
Damn it!
[JOSHUA sighs]
[JOSHUA] I've got your back
until the game's over.
Rest assured. All I want
in return is your help.
What's your ultimate goal here?
I wish to properly
guide Shibuya.
I still don't know
what that means.
Care to elaborate a little?
[JOSHUA] It'll go faster
if you can recall
who controls this ward.
The Composer, right?
That's what you've been hunting?
So you can meet face‐to‐face?
[JOSHUA] There's a high‐energy
signature down this alley.
You think it's the Composer?
One way to find out.
Be nice to have some
backup, just in case.
[MINAMIMOTO] "Sir,
I bear a rhyme excelling.
In mystic force and
magic spelling." Heh!
The GM? That's weird.
Quiet. He'll spot us.
There. I do believe it's ready.
[laughing]
What's going on?
[JOSHUA] Not sure what
these scribbles are,
but my phone's
responding to them.
And they're emitting
absurd energy.
[KARIYA]
A Taboo Noise Refinery sigil.
Looks incomplete, though.
Something's rotten in
the ward of Shibuya.
[NEKU]
Another day bites the dust.
[JOSHUA] Hello, Mister H.
It's me. Yeah. I would...
[NEKU]
We're almost there.
But I'm really starting to doubt
if we'll be able to win.
My partner killed me.
Trusting him isn't
even an option.
But I have to clear this
game, no matter what.
For Shiki's sake.
Losing's not an option either.
[JOSHUA]
Daydreaming?
In this nightmare?
[JOSHUA] Hey, I'm going to
pay Mister H another visit,
and I'd prefer if you came, too.
Look. The tracker's a dud.
It's getting hits
all over Shibuya,
so let's make fixing
it today's mission.
Any objections?
No.
[NEKU]
That's a wall.
And I'm not seein' a way around.
Well, we'll just have
to open it, then.
Is there a Reaper?
Uh!
I, uh, don't think that's
your average graffiti.
It's Noise!
Bet you anything beating
them unlocks the wall.
[PLAYER A screams]
[BOTH gasp]
[JOSHUA]
He's too far away.
Gotchu punks now!
[BEAT]
Yo, Phones!
No, Neku!
[BEAT]
You best get on your feet.
So I can knock you
down again and again!
Why, Beat? Tell me.
What do you gain
by doing this, man?
If you haven't noticed,
I'm a Reaper.
I noticed. But I still
don't wanna fight you.
Why? You a chicken‐wuss?
Talk about a letdown!
[YASHIRO] Hey, Freshmeat!
Slow your frggin' roll!
Gotta respect the rules
if you're gonna play the game.
Still a bit of time
before Players can be
attacked directly.
And even then, only the Game
Master gets that privilege!
Tch. Well, the Conductor's got
me runnin' a special op, yo.
[YASHIRO]
Wha‐‐? Why'd he pick you?
I have seniority!
Hope you fossils got your
hearing aids turned up for this.
Get lost!
[phone rings]
Duty calls. Unless you
let it go to voicemail.
Oh, fine!
Yes! I'm here! Miss Konishi?
Uh, yes. Right.
I'll get it taken care of.
[YASHIRO sighs]
What? Taboo Noise again?
Bingo.
That's the king of all drags.
Oh, well. Let's go.
Listen, you, the next time
you mouth off to me
you'll go from being
fresh meat to dead meat!
Tch. Keep dreamin'.
[KARIYA] Tough guy
like you could take out
some Taboo Noise, no prob.
What the hell?
Hands off, Lollipop!
I ain't done here!
Bye, boys. Be seein' ya.
[BEAT]
This ain't over, yo!
Is he really all Reaper?
[NEKU]
This pendant.
Looks like a bell.
It's Rhyme's. She and
Beat were partners.
[NEKU]
He's no genius,
but he must've had
a reason to join them.
Good news.
The wall's gone thanks
to the delinquent Reaper.
Let's not keep Mister H waiting.
Anybody home?
[HANEKOMA]
J! 'Bout time.
[JOSHUA]
Here. I need this fixed.
You use it to fight Noise?
Hey, Phones.
Don't be shy. Come in.
I'm good. I'll
just chill outside.
[NAO]
Heya, Nekky!
So we meet again.
Seems that way.
Josh‐Josh around?
Sadly, he's in
the Wildkat café.
Real talk? You should stick
by your partner's side.
Especially since the four of us
are, like, all that's left?
Yeah, well, I wanted time alone.
[NEKU]
Hm?
[SOTA] Been thinkin' 'bout
what you said yesterday.
How the last partner
you played with
got taken as your entry fee.
Yeah?
It's kinda cool.
Shows how much you really
care about this girl.
She's your most precious thing.
[NAO]
Like, totally!
I'd gladly be Sota's entry fee
if it meant he
got another chance
and we could both be revived.
Oh, for sure!
If it were for Nao, I'd play
the game a million times!
Thanks, but...
I'm the one at fault.
Do you think Shiki blames
me for trapping her?
[SOTA]
Forget blame, man!
How's caring about someone
the slightest bit wrong?
Too true! That's,
like, so sweet?
And besides, what's important
is we all make it back, right?
"All make it back"?
It's easy as that, huh?
No. No. You're right. Thanks.
[NAO, SOTA chuckle]
[SOTA] No reason
for you to feel guilty.
[NAO] Yeah! It's, like,
totally not your fault?
Straight up facts!
[NEKU]
All of us.
So many people from
so many walks of life,
living in Shibuya and working
through their issues
as best they can.
[JOSHUA]
Till next time.
Try not to break it again...
[NEKU] I wonder...
Does he have his reasons, too?
And what does that mean, J?
[NEKU]
Huh?
[NEKU] That used to be a store,
but I guess it's gone.
It was a pretty cool place.
Wow, you know a lot about
Shibuya, don't you?
Well, I did grow up here.
This ward was my
afterschool playground.
[JOSHUA]
Any playmates?
I never found people
I could talk to.
Just me, myself, and I.
Thought so. You're
wearing the proof.
Those headphones scream,
"Leave me alone."
Where'd this come from?
Just thinking out loud.
You know, the Underground
is a lot like you. Cut off.
All these walls put up
to keep others out.
The UG is actually divided
into multiple areas, Neku.
Shibuya, of course, is one.
The Shinjuku Underground
is popular, as well.
They each have their
own unique rules,
and you can't travel
between them.
Sound familiar?
[NEKU]
Touché.
In life, I thought the only
world I needed was mine.
Then I heard CAT's philosophy.
"Enjoy every moment
with all you've got."
It blew me away. Such freedom.
Do what you want,
how you want, when you want.
I wanted to live that,
but never thought I could.
Acting on the values I believe
in and nothing else.
I felt like CAT understood me.
[JOSHUA]
You make an excellent point.
Who needs the values of
others weighing them down?
People aren't meant to figure
each other out, are they?
Talking's a waste.
Huh. Actually...
You know my last partner, Shiki?
She had a fight with her best
friend and never talked it out.
But then, when she heard
how her friend really felt,
it made her so happy.
I didn't think too much
on it at the time,
but you should've seen it,
how big she smiled.
Goodness, Neku.
You've had quite the change.
How fascinating.
Huh?
That one's brand, spankin' new!
[JOSHUA]
The whole of Shibuya
is practically CAT's
personal canvas.
Must take a ton of time.
I'm surprised he keeps
that silly café open.
CAT has a café?
Somewhere in Shibuya?
You realize you've been
there twice now.
He's Mister H.
Wait. Who is?
CAT is.
Huh?
Yup. Moonlights as
a graffiti artist.
Mister Hanekoma
is actually CAT?
You can't be serious!
As a heart attack.
Whoa! Calm down, Neku!
Just breathe! 'Kay.
For real?
I can totally see it.
Like, whoa.
From the first moment we met,
I knew there was something
different about that guy.
This is awesome!
I've hung out with the CAT!
Oh, man. That's crazy!
Yeah, it's crazy.
Crap! I didn't say anything
offensive to him, did I?
No! I did much worse!
I tried to tell CAT
about CAT. Ah!
I'm such an idiot!
[NEKU yells, grunts]
Do me a favor and
keep this between us.
[NEKU]
Uh. Sure.
Okay!
I could use a snack.
French fries sound pretty good.
Is this still considered
a game if there are no missions?
[phone dings]
This energy signal
is off the charts.
So it's that direction.
I hope we find the source
before today's over.
Hey. Wait a second.
Your goal‐‐you're aiming to
challenge the Composer.
Guess you could
put it that way.
In that case,
you can count me out.
Maybe I haven't made it clear,
but I'm in this to win.
I can't afford
unnecessary risks.
Neither can I.
Tell you what: If you accompany
me on this last errand,
I won't do anything but look.
Scout's honor.
Afterward, we can lay low
and do what you want.
You better mean that.
I won't involve you any further.
[NEKU] Just gotta get through
these last few days
without trouble.
All we're doing is looking.
That's literally it.
You got it, boss.
It's a hop, skip,
and a jump away
on the other side of
the station underpass.
[NEKU]
Talk about creepy.
Hey. Are you sure this
is the right way?
[JOSHUA]
Positive.
It's in here.
Cool, we checked it out.
You satisfied?
Relax. I know what I told you.
There's a wall blocking
our path anyway.
Huh? You sure?
It's so dark I can't tell.
[JOSHUA]
That one's a bit different
from the others we've seen.
Removing it's gonna
take some innovation.
Hold up. Does something
feel off to you?
It does now.
More of those black kind.
They're like the Noise from
Tokyu Hands, but uglier!
Team attacks really are
the only things that work.
Follow my lead on this one.
Screw that!
[BOTH yell]
[gasps]
Neku!
[yells]
[gasps]
Are you still in one piece?
Yeah.
[growling]
Hate to say it, but I believe
that we may be outmatched.
If we can't win,
we've gotta run!
No. I don't think we can.
Not good.
Damn! I can't give up now!
[sighs] Guess I have no choice.
I was hoping to
avoid this, but‐‐
What? Holy‐‐ Dude!
Since when can your
psych powers do that?
Since always, but ya know
I hate working up a sweat.
[KARIYA]
Bravo!
[NEKU]
You're that Reaper‐‐
[KARIYA]
Save your breath.
As fun as your drama is, kid,
I came for Pretty Boy.
I knew something was up.
You're alive, ain't ya?
Huh? What's he talkin' about?
That was one hell of a blast.
I've been in the UG
for a long time,
so I know what Players can do.
And such an OP attack
wouldn't come from a pin.
You know, living folks
aren't allowed in the game.
But, with that said,
those Taboo Noise were a
pain in the you‐know‐what,
so I'll let you rebels slide.
[NEKU gasps]
[KARIYA]
Not next time, though.
You'll be erased before
you even see it coming.
By Uzuki, of course. Later.
[JOSHUA sighs]
[JOSHUA] Since all manner of
Noise are gone, well, shall we?
[NEKU]
Hang on.
You're... alive?
Was that a trick or was
he telling the truth?
[sighs] Cat's out of the bag.
Yes. I have a pulse,
but I'm still playing the game.
Because you think... it's fun?
Every set of rules that
exists has a loophole or two.
Though, since
I entered illegally,
I didn't receive a Player pin.
But you have nothing
to worry about.
I assure you, the pact
we formed was valid,
which makes us the same
as any other pair.
[NEKU]
The same?
Like hell you are!
You honestly think you're
the same as the rest of us?
Well, I think you're
full of crap!
You joined of your own free
will‐‐it was your choice.
But... The actual Players
don't wanna be here!
We didn't ask for this!
Who in their right mind would?
You're nothing like us.
We aren't playing
the game for kicks!
Of course not. You're playing
to come back to life.
You still get
something out of it.
Something you took from me!
You're the reason I'm dead
in the first place!
Say that were true.
What would you do
to me? Get revenge?
[NEKU
Wha‐‐?
[JOSHUA] If I were the
one who murdered you
and forced you to
play this game,
would you actually do
something about it?
Perhaps choke the life out
of me with your psychs?
Like you did to Shiki?
How do you know that?
Don't recall your smarmy
face being there.
Suppose you wouldn't,
but I told you, day one:
I've had my eye on you
for quite some time.
You've been watching?
Since when?
And what for? And why me?!
[chuckles] Simply put...
...everything I do is for
your salvation as well.
From Taboo Noise
Refinery sigils?
As if a living Player
weren't a giant headache
of a problem by itself.
The silver lining is
the Refinery we found
hadn't been used.
So all these Taboo
Noise must be crawling
out of the depths
from someplace else.
I heard another Reaper
got smoked by Black Noise.
[SUPPORT REAPER B]
In Dogenzaka, right?
[SUPPORT REAPER A] They showed
up by Tokyu Hands before that.
[SUPPORT REAPER B]
Is nowhere safe in Shibuya?
You think Minamimoto is
making them attack Reapers?
As horrible as that
prospect is, I do.
Saw him drawing a Refinery
with our own eyes.
That's pretty solid proof.
I'm no detective by any means,
but he's my number one suspect.
Insufficient evidence.
But we should act before any
more of us get taken out!
It's scary.
For the first time since
I became a Reaper,
Noise saw me as their prey
instead of their master.
[YASHIRO]
It pains me to admit it,
but if I had been on my own,
I doubt I'd be here today.
[KONISHI]
I'll make a full report
to Mister Kitaniji tomorrow.
You both are to continue
your investigation.
Right.
[KARIYA] Tomorrow might
be too little too late.
[MINAMIMOTO laughing]
Zetta fun times are here!
I'll inverse calculate
the world over.
I've nearly reached my solution.
Please, look forward to it!
All you hectopascals!
[laughing]
[NEKU]
Next time, "Joshua."